{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 All Pages \
\

\b0 The delete functionality should not actually delete the record, instead all tables should have a deleted column where boolean value is stored. if \'93deleted\'94, the record will not be displayed on the page. For manager roles, deleted items will be displayed, but have the functionality to \'93confirm\'94 deleted items before actually deleted them from the db.  \

\b \
\
Signup and Login Page \

\b0 \
Mary wants a password but only for manager roles. \
\
On the signup page, you will need a password field. You will need a hash/bcrypt for password encryption before storing it in the DB.\
\
For the login page, setup a manager login page or just add a password field. The function that checks the input will need to first query the id. If the id has a manager role associated with it, then check the password, other wise for all other roles, just verify that the id. You will need to query the db for the stored encrypted password in order to decrypt/verify the password entered in the input field. \
\
Ideally, we would want to send an email with your password or option to reset. This means we will need an email field too in the signup form. Its easiest to use a gmail server to accomplish this. Check if martcheckout@gmail.com is available.\
\
\

\b Dashboard Page\
\

\b0 When you login, the dashboard can display your information stored in the DB. If you are a manager, you should be able to update your password. \
\
\

\b Clearance Page\

\b0 \
I believe there is already a clearance level table in the db, but we will need to add a Clearance Page. Only managers (mary) should be able to see this page. The clearances will be things like the name of the clearance, name of the class and the equipment associated with it. Only Managers can create, edit, or delete clearances. \
\
\

\b Students Page\
\

\b0 When creating a new student, we will need to add Checkboxes to select the different clearance levels. Only managers (Mary) can do this. The checkbox options will need to be populated based on the clearance db table. The students table will need a new column that stores the checked off clearances as an array.\
\

\b Faculty Page\

\b0 Will look exactly like the students page and similar to the students db table. Managers have ability to add, edit, delete faculty \
\

\b Equipment Page\

\b0 students employees should be able to see it, but only managers and assistants can add, edit and hide/delete.\
Also, filter system for equipment (filter by type - like laptop, camera, etc). Maybe a search bar.\
\

\b Reservations Page\
\

\b0 Reserved equipment is picked up every day at 4pm. If that person is late, the equipment can be reserved by someone else. If the pick it up on time, the equipment is due the next day at 11am. If the person does not turn it in on time, there is a 5 dollar late fee charge and the student is ineligible for checkout until it is paid. On Fridays, equipment is due Monday at 11am.\
\
When a reservation is made, the specific equipment selected must change its status to \'93reserved\'94.  If the time is after 4pm on the pickup date, the equipment should return back to available. When the person picks up the equipment, the record needs a checkbox/dropdown that saves the reservation as \'93checked out\'94.\
\
Student employees can\'92t delete reservations - only managers and assistants. When a person turns in their reserved equipment, the reservation record needs a checkbox/dropdown that saves the reservation as \'93returned\'94. If the time is after 11am on the return date, the student should get a 5 dollar fee to their amount owed and their status changed to ineligible for reservations. This can be done automatically with a button or drop down that stores whether the return was on time or late. Faculty do not receive a charge. When the reservation is returned, then the equipment should return to available.\
\
Add functionality to checkout more than one item in a single reservation.\
\
Ultimately, we will need to make a filter (maybe javascript) that allows us to separate reservations based on their status or equipment. Maybe a search bar.\
\
Also, Mary plans to have a \'93restricted\'94 clearance, where only she can make reservations with that type.\
\
//Email Handler\
\
Email handler is added as a library all you have to do is load the library and call the function passing in the necessary information. \
\
\
\
}